- [Kathy] Message-based system design
dominates the enterprise application landscape.
Also, the Spring framework is in use
with approximately one half of all enterprise Java projects.
What do you get when you put these two
heavy hitters together?
You get Spring Integration.
Spring Integration extends the Spring framework
to support the well-known enterprise integration patterns,
in order to enable lightweight messaging
within Spring-based applications.
A message-based approach to design
holds benefit at many different scales.
From local, domain-centric business processing
within the bounds of a single Java virtual machine runtime,
all the way to highly decentralized
multisystem integrations.
Spring Integration, with its gorgeous library
of out-of-box implementations
that adhere to deep, theoretical underpinnings
has answers for this entire range of use cases.
It allows a Java application of any scale
to adopt a single, robust messaging framework
that maintains a separation of concerns.
And that is essential for producing efficient,
maintainable, testable code.
I am Kathy Flint, and I've been building software
professionally for 25 years, and working with Spring
in enterprise settings since 2005.
Please join my LinkedIn Learning course
to explore the impressive range of capabilities
that Spring Integration offers.
Together, we will build a learning application
that simulates a consumer power grid dashboard
for a fictional green energy company, called Conetico.
We will integrate JVM-centric components,
as well as external systems, keeping an eye
on both theoretical and technical aspects
of what we are doing.
By the end, I believe that you will have
a solid grounding in Spring Integration
and be equipped to start using this powerful platform
for your own purposes.